hey dudes I'm Hilah and today on Hilah
cooking I have a special July 4th recipe
to share with you so July 4th
aka Independence Day aka one of Will
Smith's best movies ever am i right
today we're gonna make chili dogs gonna
have a little song and it goes something
like this just shut your chili dogs chit
chit chit chili dogs and I'm gonna
figure out the rest of it later
to make our chili we're gonna start out
by opening a beer it's very important
that you drink beer while you're making
chili because that is the American Way
and oh that's good I'm gonna put a
little oil in here or a lot whatever and
I'm gonna saute this onion just try to
get it a little bit soft we don't really
need to brown it or anything like that
and make sure that you chopped it up
real real small the thing about chili
dog chili is that it's almost like a
meat paste and I know that sounds
delicious and you're probably just like
slathering at the mouth right now
thinking about meat paste but I promise
that it'll be great once it's done so
yeah just make sure that you minced your
onions and everything really really
small okay so after just about a minute
your onions will start to look a little
bit translucent not totally but okay now
I'm gonna add jalapeno and garlic if you
wanted to keep this mild if you were
making this for like a bunch of children
or something or very elderly people then
you could just use some green bell
pepper for the jalapeno okay so now for
the funnest part we're gonna put our
meat in I'm gonna put it on top of the
onion and now the second beer that
you're gonna need is gonna go in so the
thing about the way that they get the
meat to be so like falling apart tiny
little chunks is you don't Brown at
first you're actually basically boiling
it so adding a beer if you wanted to use
beef broth or something instead that
would be fine but we're gonna cook this
so long the alcohol dog and I cook off
anyway so once I've got some in there
I'll start breaking it up a little bit
and then I'm gonna add some seasoning so
I've got here is just a cumin chili
powder a little bit of allspice which is
a little secret ingredient I meant some
paprika because I want to make this
extra red because you know of the flag
and stuff there's red on it and some
Worcestershire sauce few healthy blogs
of that and a little bit of dry mustard
I could also just use like some yellow
prepared mustard if you don't have dry
mustard I'm gonna add some tomato paste
I really just like this because it's fun
squirt it out and I get to just like
deck it all up okay cool so a couple
tablespoons of tomato paste and
basically I'm just gonna bring this up
to a simmer and let it simmer uncovered
for about an hour okay one hour later
this is what we're looking at I just
stirred this about every 15 minutes or
so and now at the very end give it a
taste add some salt if you think it
needs it but remember the hot dogs
usually pretty salty too so maybe you
could under Celt it I'm just gonna add a
little touch just a smidge of some apple
cider vinegar and I happen to love
vinegar and sour things not that that
really makes this like sour but I just
think it makes it taste more like chili
dog chili but it's optional if you you
know just give it a taste if it seems a
little bit like it needs a little perk
then try a little bit of vinegar that's
a good tip generally in life okay move
this aside and tada
I'm gonna show you my favorite way to
cook hot dogs inside so I've got my
skillet here with a little bit of water
in it so I'm gonna throw a couple
weenies in here basically I'm sort of
combining the steam or boil hot dog
method with a little bit of a fry so I'm
gonna bring this up to a simmer and just
kind of let these cook until the water
evaporates by then and they'll be nice
and warm if some of the fat will have
rendered out and then we'll let them
sort of fry and crisp up and whatever
fat is left in the pan so just watch and
see it's gonna be magical okay so our
waters almost evaporated off here a few
minutes later and just gonna leave them
in the dry pan now first just a couple
seconds when you decide to get the
casing nice and crispy got them up in
here you could heat these up in the oven
wrapped up in foil can I get them
steamed so I like a little bit of cheese
I like to put the cheese down in between
the chili and the hot dog to make sure
it gets melted dude cha-cha-cha chili
dog see this chili is great cuz it's
nice and thick so it's not like running
out of the bun it's just sort of staying
where you put it
and it's not gonna make your bun like
super wet and soggy little onion because
I like a spicy I'm gonna do a little
jalapeno a little pickled jalapeno
they're super yummy and then a little
blue just like in the cartoons okay
let's give it a taste of Rooney
that's just like a perfect little
submarine of goodness good lord what did
that tell me you don't want to eat that
right now well there you go there's how
to make chili dogs guys hope you like it
hope you try the recipe this summer for
your barbecue for your 4th of July or
whatever and if you have any questions
about it leave them in a comment below
and I will get to your answers as soon
as I can ok cheers everybody
your chili dog just your chili dog I eat
them on a bench or even on a log I like
some onions on them I like some cheese
too
I like some jalapenos tell you what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna eat it I'm gonna eat
it I'm gonna eat that chili dog until I
beat it that sounded like I was talking
about a penis I wasn't guys I was just
talking about beating the s out of this
with my mouth what much your own person